Refresh chapter 6 of ps101 (#11901)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/06-flow-control.md

---
description: PowerShell provides methods to create loops, make decisions, and logically control the flow of code in scripts.
ms.custom: Contributor-mikefrobbins
ms.date: 3/20/2025
ms.reviewer: mirobb
title: Flow control
---

# Chapter 6 - Flow control

## Scripting

When you move from writing PowerShell one-liners to writing scripts, it sounds more complicated than
it is. A script is nothing more than the same or similar commands you run interactively in the
PowerShell console, except you save them as a `.PS1` file. There are some scripting constructs that
you might use, such as a `foreach` loop instead of the `ForEach-Object` cmdlet. The differences can

> be confusing for beginners when considering that `foreach` is both a scripting construct and an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be confusing for beginners when considering that `foreach` is both a language keyword and an
```
